hello oh if you mean guy and today I'm
gonna show you DS yeah there I made them
their own I'm storing to Minecraft now
and I left another I think like
yesterday I was looking up minecraft
action figures and this guy on YouTube
showed having a paper craft and so then
look at all about that I found this one
site has a a bunch of these paper crafts
like ten plates and stuff and so on I
have a bunch too there are a few big
ones I'm sticking with the small ones
who I have a bunch over there and so I'm
sure I'm sticking with the mini ones
right now because I just really started
doing paid crafts and these are the ones
I did so first I did a creeper he's
trying to easiest one and now I think
about I stepped up a level every time I
did it but he said he's the only just
make a little cube
oh the cycle um I think paper crafts
minecraft or minecraft papercraft one of
each I think um like vice versa or
something like that but this is a
creeper he's probably easiest one to
make because if he is a little feet
being the front in back
so he's cool I he's probably one the
best made guys didn't have to use any
tea by him this is steep minecraft human
eye thieves tape on his head cuz the
side of it was like coming off a little
bit did you to like there's a tab up
here until I pull down the side to get
the arms so he was a little hard to like
tape over his hole into our head thought
I will I didn't take his I don't think
it looks that up so I don't think looks
good see if I can like yeah but this is
Steve you get he actually has arms we
can see your arms on the side I have a
bunch of characters to have a young
Tobuscus
and to big version or rare size is of
game chap and birdie and I will this is
Steve and then the one that made like
just now he's doing me um early on today
but this one I made just now if I the
hardest guy especially because of the
feet part but it's an Bob mama it's an
iron golem yeah he is awesome
I'll be really careful him because he's
just lights he falling off and like the
tab HSI confuse him but yeah looks like
CY I first saw its you cowboy his arms
are really long but this is actually
like printed on right here and then just
a little flag down here so on yeah and
as of now as of now he has no one to
protect or to attack as he doesn't
attack creepers but I printed out I
don't know if I pronounced ami I know I
printed out a mini villager so I'm gonna
be doing more of these so um this is
yummy this is my first one right now but
um I'm gonna be making more and probably
more complex this is no cut over
straight yo guys good but yeah this is a
mutant creeper from the mutant creatures
mod yeah they made a little made on mods
to and oh you're just saying this paper
it's cardstock because um it's it's like
harder it's more durable and if you you
choose use cardstock or you can paste it
on or deli sticky paper on um
construction paper and then it'll be
okay but I like using cardstock better
because it's just a lot easier to just a
lot easier
yeah so yeah that's also regular zombies
zombie like the upper minis and all mess
up just too small yeah no yeah I'm gonna
be making a bunch of these Dale's have
like mods on the site like mods or like
they have mini like whoa these are some
minis but if for your size ones like
this and you're like prayer to this like
that big all right they're only about
stuff that big yeah but oh my god I
think he'd fallen over but yeah I was
certainly a belt that beat I think by
watching other youtube videos their belt
that big may be twice the size or a
little bit bigger I haven't made one yet
Joseph you're taking really long but
yeah it's like easy
iam hard ish ish ish but yeah so yeah
this is why made and I'm gonna I'm gonna
make a few more probably tomorrow night
or if I can't do tomorrow night probably
the next night both see if I get you
another video at max by next week or
maybe I'll do it earlier like tomorrow
night but these are three eyes I have
they're awesome I love them
especially him and yeah I use all of
them but he's probably one of my
favorites Achilles he's picked two
hearts minions will see these guys are
just boxes with that guys the large of
this guy used to me separate legs you
get the sky without the little legs and
he's easier to make you feel like one if
you love our iron golem name just
starting out out um they have a regular
one but I want to make this just he it's
more size accurate
and it just looks a lot cooler snow and
if you really go out this don't even
start the minis go straight to like the
people but if you want yeah so I'm gonna
be putting these up in my room somewhere
probably you know or my playroom that
I'm about to get probably Google shelf
for them but yeah they're all really
cool so recommend you don't say I'll see
if I can put the link below I probably
can't but it sound think I know how but
I'll see so yeah sound
bye guys bye